feat: Scrubbing HTTP Data from HTTP Spans (#12026)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/android/data-management/sensitive-data/index.mdx

- User context → Automated behavior is controlled via <PlatformIdentifier name="send-default-pii" />.
- HTTP context → Query strings may be picked up in some frameworks as part of the HTTP request context.
- Transaction Names → In certain situations, transaction names might contain sensitive data. For example, a browser's pageload transaction might have a raw URL like `/users/1234/details` as its name (where `1234` is a user id, which may be considered PII). In most cases, our SDKs can parameterize URLs and routes successfully, that is, turn `/users/1234/details` into `/users/:userid/details`. However, depending on the framework, your routing configuration, race conditions, and a few other factors, the SDKs might not be able to completely parameterize all of your URLs.

> - HTTP Spans → Most SDKs will add the HTTP query string and fragment as a data attribute to the span, which may need to be scrubbed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- HTTP Spans → Most SDKs will include the HTTP query string and fragment as a data attribute, which means the HTTP span may need to be scrubbed.
```
